*October, 22nd 2018*
#### ﻿CAN YOU HEAR ME, WORLD?

---

This is the first entry in my journal. This journal will help me collect ideas, inspiration and techniques regarding the intersection of sound design and programming.

I choose to make it public so that i doesn't end up in my pile of hurriedly scribbled notebooks, where retrieving information is slow (if somewhat fun), and will hopefully help me break through my inherent timidity in all things programming. I understand there are way more capable sound designers and programmers out there, and picking their brains could be made easier if I have an excuse, like collecting their experiences in blog. Let’s hope it works.
Besides, I acknowledge the power of networking with like-minded people, be it for professional development of for personal growth - making friends is awesome - and while I set out to learn from other folks out there, this might help someone with less experience than myself.

Some of the subjects I intend to cover are:
- interactive sounds
- dynamic music/effects engines
- c# and unity game development
- web audio API and music/sound technologies in the web
- javascript and gaming on the browser
- generative sound
- synthesis of all kinds (analog stuff too!)
- music production
- speech analysis and voice computing
- tooling to make any of the above more fun and productive

Plus, I will log my own subjective experiences in gleaning learnings from these subjects, which is a maybe more specific, personal spin on these.

I choose the title as a nod to the expression "this has a ring of truth to it", which is begging for its use in a music and code blog. Plus, the tolkienesque quality!

Feel free to suggest topics of expansions to the articles published here via email:

**ingo.duarte at protonmail.com**

*I.*